---
'sku': major
---

Change the CLI to commander.js.

**BREAKING CHANGE**

`sku` now uses [commander.js](https://github.com/tj/commander.js) for its CLI. The CLI options and commands are now more narrowly defined and scoped. Some combinations of options that were previously possible may no longer work.

The new `-h, --help` flag now shows the help output generated by commander.js and shows the available commands and options.

The following option flags are now available in their respective scope

#### Global options

- the `-e, --environment` option accepts a string for the environment you want to run in
- the `-c, --config option` accepts the path to the sku.config.js file
- the `-d, --debug` option sets debugging to true
- __new:__ the `-h, --help` flag now shows you the full CLI usage of any command or subcommand
- __new:__ the `-v, --version` flag now shows you the version of the CLI

#### Scoped options

- the `build`, `build-ssr`, `start`, and `start-ssr` commands have the following options
  - `-s, --stats` the webpack preset to use. This option now only accepts a valid webpack stats preset
- the `serve` command now has the following options
  - `--port` the port you want to serve on. This option accepts a port as a number
  - `--site` the url you want to serve on. This option accepts a site as a string
- the `translation compile` command now has the following options
  - `-w, --watch` makes the commands watch for changes
- the `translation push` command now has the following option
  - `--delete-unused-keys` removes unused keys from translation files when pushing to Phrase
- the `init` command now has the following options
  - `-p, --package-manager` sets the package manager you want to use
  - `--verbose` sets the log level of the package manager used to `verbose`
