# Static rendering

Client-side apps (spas) all suffer the same performance pitfall of not being able to show any content until the javascript is downloaded, parsed and run. The user sees a blank white screen until this has all occurred, which is often followed by a loading indicator while data is fetched from the network. To improve perceived performance, `sku` renders all the static content of your app at build time.

To achieve this, `sku` apps have a special render entry point like the following.

```js
import React from 'react';
import { renderToString } from 'react-dom/server';

import App from './App';

export default {
  renderApp: ({ environment, site, route }) =>
    renderToString(<App environment={environment} site={site} route={route} />),

  renderDocument: ({ app, bodyTags, headTags }) => `
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
      <head>
        <meta charset="UTF-8">
        <title>My Awesome Project</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
        ${headTags}
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="app">${app}</div>
        ${bodyTags}
      </body>
    </html>
  `
};
```

## renderApp

The `renderApp` function should return a your application as an HTML string (generally using `React.renderToString`). It can also return other values (eg. extracted meta information, css styles, etc). Anything returned will be available in `renderDocument`. You should not render your whole HTML document in `renderApp`, only return the HTML that is generated by React.

`renderApp` will be called once for each combination of settings the has configured in sku config. Specifically, `environment`, `site` & `route`.

## renderDocument

`renderDocument` is called immediately after `renderApp`. It gets passed all the same values as `renderApp` plus the following.

- app - the value returned from the `renderApp` function
- headtags - html tags to be placed in the head of the html
- bodytags - html tags to be placed at the end of the html body
